[Notifier] Add support for building SmsEvent by dlr_code and RemoteEvent for other LOX24 webhook event types (#61778)
symfony/symfony: src/Symfony/Component/Notifier/Bridge/Lox24/CHANGELOG.md

CHANGELOG
=========

7.4
---

>  * Add support for all LOX24 webhook event types (sms.incoming, phone.subscribe, fraud-check.done, etc.)

Reviewer: this should be updated

CHANGELOG
=========

7.4.0

> -----

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7.4
---
```

CHANGELOG
=========

7.4.0
-----

>  * Added support for all LOX24 webhook event types (sms.incoming, phone.subscribe, fraud-check.done, etc.)
>  * Enhanced LOX24RequestParser to return SmsEvent for SMS events and RemoteEvent for non-SMS events
>  * Added event-specific payload validation for improved error handling

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 * Add support for all LOX24 webhook event types (sms.incoming, phone.subscribe, fraud-check.done, etc.)
 * Enhance LOX24RequestParser to return SmsEvent for SMS events and RemoteEvent for non-SMS events
```
